---
layout: None
---

# Terms and Conditions

### STANDARD POLICIES

These Policies are entered into by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC and the Client on the date and for the duration reserved by the Client when booking and confirmed through Client payment of the invoice amount.

### LICENSES & FEES

Fees; Venue, Rental Items and Services. Client shall pay to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC a Use Fee in the amount(s) as indicated in the Client reservation. The Use Fee, shall be paid at the time of reservation, and once paid, shall be non-refundable to Client, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Cultivate Creative Space, LLC hereby grants to Client, and Client hereby accepts the terms set forth herein, a license for the temporary use of the Premises for the duration and use described in the Client reservation form. Fees; Cleaning. If Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is not returned to pre-booking cleanliness as determined through the conditions assessment performed before and after the Client reservation, Client shall pay to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC a Cleaning Fee in the amount(s) of $100/half hour for the duration of time it takes Cultivate Creative Space, LLC staff to clean to return the Premises or Rental Items to their pre-rental conditions as determined by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. A minimum of a half hour will be charged to the Client for any required cleaning. Fees; Overage. Client shall pay to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC an Overage Fee in the amount(s) of $65/hour for any time beyond the indicated in the Client reservation. A minimum of a one hour will be charged to the Client for any Overage. Fees; Loss & Damage. Client shall pay to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC a Loss & Damage Fee in the amount(s) equivalent to the fair market replacement cost, as determined by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC, for any lost or damaged items. Rental Items. If selected in the Client reservation form and subject to the terms of this Agreement, Cultivate Creative Space, LLC hereby grants to Client, and Client hereby accepts the terms set forth herein, a license for the temporary use of tableware items for the duration of the Client reservation. Cancellation. If Client terminates this Agreement or if Cultivate Creative Space, LLC terminates this Agreement for Client default, Client acknowledges and agrees that Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall be entitled to retain any amounts paid by the Client to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC prior to such termination as Liquidated Damages. For purposes hereof, cancellation includes changing the date of Client’s use of the Premises within 30 days of the rental reservation. The parties acknowledge that it would be extremely difficult to establish Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s damages under this section so the parties agree that it is reasonable at such time to award Cultivate Creative Space, LLC the sums indicated herein as liquidated damages, and are not a penalty.
Seamless backdrop use and fees. If any seamless backdrop use results in the soiling of the paper (footprints, cake smashes, etc.), the Client will be billed $25 per occurrence. This fee allows Cultivate Creative Space, LLC to replenish the backdrop paper as it's used up by renters.

### USE OF PREMISES

Permitted Uses. Client shall use the Premises solely for the use and for the duration described in the online reservation intake form completed by the Client when securing the reservation. Client shall not do or permit anything to be done in or about the Premises that will in any way obstruct or interfere with the rights of or injure or annoy neighbors or other occupants of the building. In particular, Client shall not cause, maintain or permit any loud or obnoxious noises or other nuisance in, on or around the Premises. Client shall not do or permit anything to be done in or about the Premises and common areas that may render the insurance thereon void or increase the insurance risk thereon. If an increase in rent or any fire and extended coverage insurance premiums paid by the Cultivate Creative Space, LLC for the Building is caused by Client's use and occupancy of the Premises, then Client shall pay as additional fees the amount of such increase to the Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Compliance with Laws. Client shall, at its own cost, obtain any applicable local, state and federal licenses or permits required for Client to engage in the permitted use on the Premises, including without limitation any permits required for the serving or sale of food or alcoholic beverages on the Premises. Client shall not use the Premises in any way (or permit or suffer anything to be done in or about the same) that will conflict with any law, statute, ordinance or governmental rule or regulation or any covenant, condition or restriction affecting the Premises or Building, now in force or that may hereafter be enacted or promulgated. Client shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly comply with all laws, statutes, ordinances and governmental rules and regulations. Client agrees to fully indemnify Cultivate Creative Space, LLC against any liability, claims or damages arising as a result of a breach of the provisions of this section by Client, and against all costs, expenses, fines or other charges arising there from, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and related costs incurred by the Cultivate Creative Space, LLC in connection therewith. Client shall not use the names, logos or other proprietary designations of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC or the Premises to imply that Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is sponsoring or co-sponsoring any Event without prior written approval of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC, which approval may be withheld in Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s sole discretion. This Agreement confers no trademark, or other, rights or licenses to Client under Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s names, logos, or other proprietary designations or rights.

### BASIC SERVICES AND UTILITIES

Basic Services to be supplied by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide reasonable amounts of heat and electricity to the Premises, but Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall have no liability for any interruption of utilities or other services. Services to be supplied by Client. Unless and then only to the extent otherwise selected by the Client as part of their reservation, Client shall be responsible for all aspects of producing its Event on the Premises, including without limitation (i) catering services (including food and drinks); (ii) publicity and advertising activities, if any; and (iii) security (if any), (iv) any and all Event coordination, and (v) all rental items (including tables, chairs, linens, glasses, china, serving bowls & flatware). Food and Drink. Client is welcome to provide their own food and drink or select a caterer of their choosing. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC does not allow cooking on premise. Safe operations of crockpots, induction burners or chafing dishes are allowed for the purpose of reheating or keeping food warm. Garbage disposal is not available onsite. Garbage brought in and accumulated by renter must be hauled off premisis with garbage bags provided. This especially includes any food, drink, cake, soiled diapers, etc.

### CONDITIONS OF PREMISES

Existing Condition of Premises. Before the Event, Client shall inspect the Premises and agrees to accept the use of the Premises in their “as is” condition, with all faults and shortcomings as identified in the pre-Event conditions assessment walk-through completed by the Client, and agrees that Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall not be held responsible for any damage to Client’s property, or any inconvenience or damage to Client’s right of occupancy, caused directly or indirectly by the existing condition of the Premises. Upon arrival, client is to immediately report any damage or messes left by the previous renter, if any, by text or email and with a photo for documentation. Time stamps of the photos will be checked to monitor the renters causing damage or leaving messes behind. Client's Obligations; Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s Right to Make Repairs & Replacements. Client shall keep the Premises and any common areas affected by the Event in good condition and repair. Client is responsible for immediate clean-up of all spills and shall in no circumstances leave soiled areas in disrepair. At the conclusion of the Event, Client shall leave the Premises and any rented items in at least as good a condition, state of repair and cleanliness as existed upon delivery of the Premises to Client. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall have the right to do such acts and expend such funds at the expense of Client as are required to return the Premises to good, safe and sanitary order, condition and repair following the Event and to replace any lost or damaged items. Client agrees to be solely responsible for and shall pay Cultivate Creative Space, LLC for any damages to the Premise that occur during the entire rental period in accordance with these terms, including damage occurring whether caused by Client or by Client’s guests, third-party staff, or third party vendors. Damages include, but are not limited to, stained/soiled flooring due to pets, spills, cake smash sessions, etc., wall damage/holes, heavily stained upholstered items, broken furniture, rips or tears in upholstery, scratches on furniture, wax left on or tables, floors or windows, breakage of any kind, improper use resulting in damage; or other damage caused by abuse, vandalism, theft, unexplained disappearance, or shortages. Any incident is to be immediately reported to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Any amount so expended by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC shall be promptly charged directly to the Client and Client agrees to immediately pay the entire invoiced amount. Clients are required to take photos of the space as they depart, and text or email them to 541-580-4661 or <a href="mailto:hello@cultivatecreativespace.com">hello@cultivatecreativespace.com</a> as proof that they've completed the cleaning and lock up process and to complete their booking. Time stamps will be checked.

### CLIENT'S INSURANCE

Client is asked to have commercial General Liability Insurance (or Personal Liability Insurance if Client is an individual) in the amount of not less than $1,000,000 each occurrence, naming Cultivate Creative Space, LLC as an additional insured by separate endorsement attached to the certificate of insurance. Client’s insurance is to be primary to and without right of contribution from similar insurance maintained by the Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Coverage applies to (i) the Premises during the Event, (ii) operations of independent contractors engaged by Client for services on or about the Premises, and (iii) contractual liability; and if alcoholic beverages are being served at the Event, a policy covering $1,000,000 "Full Liquor Liability"; and such other insurance as Cultivate Creative Space, LLC deems reasonably necessary in light of the nature of the proposed Event. Failure to Insure. Failure to secure such insurance entitles Cultivate Creative Space, LLC to terminate this Agreement. Insurance is in addition to signing this agreement and the Liability Waiver agreement.

### INDEMNITY

Lost Items. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC does not assume liability for any personal property and equipment (“Property”) of Client, its employees, agents, contractors, volunteers, agents, patrons, guests, invitees or third party providers brought to the Premises or the theft of the Property or other losses suffered thereby, and any Property brought onto the Premises shall be at the sole risk and responsibility of the Client. Client’s Obligation. Client agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cultivate Creative Space, LLC and Cultivate Creative Space, LLC 's officers, employees, managers, members, representatives, agents and affiliates, from and against any and all claims, obligations, liabilities, causes of action, suits, losses and damages (together with costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys’ fees) for (i) the breach of this Agreement (including the Facility Use Policies) by Client or Client's guests, invitees, agents or representatives, (ii) the negligence or willful misconduct of Client or Client's guests, invitees, agents or representatives, or (iii) bodily injury (including death) or property damage resulting from, arising out of, or incident to acts or omissions of the Client or Client's guests, invitees, agents or representatives. Limitation on Cultivate Creative Space, LLC 's Liability. In no event will Cultivate Creative Space, LLC be liable to Client or any of its affiliates, guests, invitees or agents for any incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or indirect damages arising out of or related to this agreement (including, without limitation, any loss of revenue, profit or use) even if client has been apprised of the likelihood of such damages. Further, in no event will Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s liability exceed the actual amount paid by client under this agreement.

### MISCELLANEOUS

Force Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Fire, flood, epidemic or other causes beyond the reasonable control of the parties that prevent any party from performing any obligation hereunder will suspend the affected party’s obligation to perform during the period required to remove such cause. The party suffering such Event will promptly notify the other party and if the period of suspension would last longer than 30 days, then such party shall provide the other with a written risk mitigation plan to reasonably continue performing within 30 days. Notices. Any notice, request, demand, or other communication required or permitted by this Agreement that is addressed as provided below will be deemed properly given (a) when actually delivered if delivered personally; or (b) if sent by certified mail, or overnight courier or express mail, return receipt requested, when the return receipt indicates delivery was made. Addresses for notice appear in the Summary of Terms, and either party may change its address for notice by providing notice to the other. Independent Status. There is no relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency between the parties. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither party will have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other’s behalf without the other’s prior written consent. Entire Agreement; Amendment; No Waiver; Counterparts. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. All previous agreements and understandings between the parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement are hereby superseded. This Agreement may be modified only by an agreement of the parties in writing. Failure of either party to exercise promptly any right granted by this Agreement, or to require strict performance of any obligation undertaken by the other party pursuant to this Agreement, will not be deemed to be a waiver of such right or of the right to demand subsequent performance of any and all such obligations undertaken by the other party. This Agreement may be agreed to in counterparts, each of which taken together shall constitute one in the same instrument. Assignment. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC may assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement to any other person or entity without the prior written consent of Client. Client may not assign its rights or delegate its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Oregon, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. The courts of the State of Oregon and the Federal courts located in Douglas County, City of Roseburg shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any action under or arising out of this Agreement, and the parties waive any defense of lack of personal jurisdiction to any action based on a breach of this Agreement. In any action at law or in equity to enforce any of the provisions of this Agreement or an action based on a breach of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and disbursements in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. General Photo Release. Client agrees that Cultivate Creative Space, LLC may take images of the Event and, if applicable, hereby grants to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use other images of the Event for Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s portfolio, advertising, website, blog and magazine submissions and any other means of promotion. Client hereby waives any right to payment, royalties or any other consideration for Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s use of such images. Client further waives the right to inspect or approve the use of such images, including those images in which Client’s likeness appears. Client hereby agrees to release and hold Cultivate Creative Space, LLC harmless from all claims, demands, and causes of action which Cultivate Creative Space, LLC, its contractors, and their heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, or any other persons acting on Client’s behalf or on behalf of the Client’s estates have or may have by reason of this authorization.

### FACILITY USE POLICIES

*Equipment and props.* All equipment and props are to be treated gently. Use with supervision and caution. Do not leave minors unattended on or in the provided props. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is not liable for any injuries or misuse of props, equipment and furniture. Furniture is to lifted when moved, avoiding floor damage. Any props or items that are stolen, soiled or damaged must be reported to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC during your session. Please include a photo and description of the incident and damage. Items to be laundered are to be placed in the laundry hamper next to the bathroom. Any messes or soiled laundry must be cleaned to the best of your ability and then reported to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC during your session. The seamless backdrop pole system, newborn posing beanbag and seating are not to be climbed on or pulled on by guests or children.

*Direct nudity during boudoir or infant photography sessions is not permitted on studio equipment, surfaces, furniture, fabrics or props.*

*Cake smashes.* Cake smashes must be done on the large plexi glass or white board sheet (located behind the wood shelf prop display) to avoid staining of backdrops and flooring. The plexiglass or white board sheet must then be cleaned well with the cleaning sprays, swiffer wet jet and towels provided near the restroom. ALL cake smash trash must be hauled out by the Client. If a paper backdrop is soiled and a section needs to be cut off and disposed of, the client will be billed $25 per occurrence.

*Gas fireplace and hearth.* Nothing is permitted to be set on the hearth surrounding the fireplace. This especially includes combustible items. Do not allow children to climb on the hearth or go near the fireplace, especially when in use. The fireplace bust be turned off and remote must be returned to window sill.

*Children.* Children must be supervised at all times. Do not allow them to climb or play on studio features, equipment or furniture.

*Alcohol.* Client may bring and consume outside alcohol with proper use and judgement. Alcohol may not be served to minors. At any time, if Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s staff deems alcohol consumption to be excessive, the staff has the authority to close down all alcohol service and/or evict inebriated guests from Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. The commercial serving of alcoholic beverages is only permitted if the Client secures proper permits. Animals. Safe, friendly, clean, bug-free and recently brushed animals are permitted in the space during their photo sessions only.

*Audio/Visual.* Audio and visual equipment are permitted but may not interfere with any of the other uses or tenants of the building.

*Branding.* Branding logos or images with the use of light is permitted only inside walls of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. It is not permitted on the outside walls of the Premise.

*Candles.* Any use of candles must be approved in advance by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. If permitted, all candles must be monitored by the Client and contained within a glass container. The flame must not reach higher than two inches below the height of the glass. 

*Cooking.* No cooking is permitted indoors. Warming devices are permitted with prior approval. 

*Grills, Open Flame.* The use of all open flame, liquid propane gas and compressed natural gas are prohibited inside Cultivate Creative Space, LLC and on the Building grounds. 

*Event Ending Time.* All Events must end by, and all guests must have departed, all cleaning must be complete by predetermined Event end time. This includes Client items, including but not limited to trash, all extra rentals, decorations, and catering equipment must be removed by the end of Event.

*Decorations.* Decoration is limited to the interior of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC, and shall adhere to the requirements set forth in the most recent editions of the appropriate Fire and Building Codes for activities involving public assembly. All decorations must be removed from Cultivate Creative Space, LLC without leaving damages by the predetermined Event end time. Any remaining items will be removed and assessed a clean-up fee of $100 per half hour. Lightweight decor is permitted to be suspended from the rolling backdrop wall pole attached at the top via fishing line or small clamps provided. Do not move the wall around with clamps at the top, as they will not clear the antique lighting pendants. Nails, adhesives and staples of any kind are not permitted on permanent or rolling walls.

*Disabled Access.* The facility is on the ground floor but is not technically accessible for the disabled, with a 3" step up into the studio and a small, single occupancy restroom.

*Emergencies.* For emergency assistance call 911.

*Equipment.* Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is rented furnished with some items. Under no circumstances should Cultivate Creative Space, LLC furniture, props, equipment or property be removed from the Premise. Client may transport outside products to Cultivate Creative Space, LLC on their own accord. All exits must remain clear at all times and emergency exit signs must not be obscured from view.

*Internet.* Wireless Internet connectivity is not provided inside Cultivate Creative Space, LLC at this time.

*Liquor / Beverages / Illegal Substances.* Alcohol may not be served to minors. At any time, if Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s staff deems alcohol consumption to be excessive, the staff has the authority to close down all alcohol service and/or evict inebriated guests from Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Illegal substances and smoking of any kind is prohibited on Premisis.

*Images.* Prior written approval is required for any “commercial” use of Cultivate Creative Space, LLC branding and images. Please feel free to post all the images you want to social, etc…but if you are planning to utilize Cultivate Creative Space, LLC branding and imagery for promotional/event/print materials…we request you check with us prior.

*Lost and Found.* If guests have left behind personal items not found during clearing, please Client shall contact Cultivate Creative Space, LLC to set up a time to retrieve items, if they have been found. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is not responsible for such personal property and will not hold any items for more than 1 week.

*Music.* Amplified music is permitted within Cultivate Creative Space, LLC upon prior approval. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC reserves the right to request a demonstration of music volume levels prior to the Event and enforce or request changes to volume levels in its sole discretion. We have neighbors directly above and next to us, and need to respect their residences and businesses. Rental Period; Overtime Charges. Rental rates are based on an agreed upon rental period. The rental period is inclusive of set up and decorating, the actual Event, and removal of persons, personal belongings, cleaning of the Premise and any rental items and display materials to the condition they were at the start of the rental. Additional hours may be purchased based on availability. Additional hours will be charged at the appropriate overtime rate. This fee will be charged in one hour increments. Fee is $65/hr for any overtime that occurs.

*Parking.* Non-exclusive public street parking surrounds Cultivate Creative Space, LLC. Some city events do involve the city of Oakland blocking off the main street. Additional parking can be found on side streets nearby.

*Security.* Security staff is not provided.

*Signage.* All signage must be freestanding. Nails and staples of any kind are not permitted. 

*Smoking.* Cultivate Creative Space, LLC is a non-smoking venue.

*Set-up Equipment.* Client shall provide all extra equipment. Any equipment brought into Cultivate Creative Space, LLC for an Event must be removed from Cultivate Creative Space, LLC by the end of the Event. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC Staff. Events are not staffed by Cultivate Creative Space, LLC during the event. Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s staff persons are not available to lift, carry, load and unload, or move anything that is not Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s property. In addition, Cultivate Creative Space, LLC’s staff are not responsible for any Event coordination or vendor management.

*Subcontractors.* All renters and subcontractors must remove all equipment, boxes, trash, recycling, etc. at the end of the Event. No on-site storage is available during the Event for any subcontractor supplies.

*Trash.* Client is responsible for the collection and removal of all trash, garbage, compost, recyclables and waste products, including all debris generated by load-in and load-out process. On-site disposal is not available at the building.